Hyakuman nin no tame ni
utawareta love song nanka ni
Boku wa kantan ni omoi wo
kasanetari wa shinai
Koi seyo to semeru
kono machi no kihon kouzou wa
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
Souzou shiteita yori mo
zutto mirai wa genjitsuteki dane
Kuruma mo shibaraku sora wo
hashiru yotei mo nasasousa
Soshite kyou mo chikatetsu ni nori
Mukuchi na tanin to
machi ni okizari ne
Lonely, lonely, setsunakute
kowaresouna yoru ni sae
Lonely, lonely, kimidake wa
original love wo tsuranuite
Lonely, lonely, aitakute
kogoesouna mainichi ni
Kotoba ni dekinai koto wa
murini shinai kotoni shita
Ano hito dake kokoro no seikantai
Wasuretai ne
Love me, love me,
tsuyoku yowai kokoro
Kiss me, kiss me,
aseru hitorino yoru
La la la... Beautiful... my Cresta...
Hmm... Hmm... La la la...
Pearly white... My car...
Cresta...La la la...
Finally...
she came back to me.
My Cresta 2500.
With pre-installed multi-AV station
and GPS voice navigation.
Behold! The swift handling!
The secure feel of grounding
with 4-wheel double wishbone!
Power steering with speed sensor
for optimum weight!
Each feature is the ultimate!
Hurray!
To commute by personal vehicle.
But... I need to be cautious,
because there is THAT guy at school.
THAT devil who destroyed this car
many times! THAT Onizuka germ!
1st CRESTA
2nd CRESTA
3rd CRESTA
I'll never let him destroy my car.
That's why I made sure
I got here while he was still asleep.
I'll cover it with a tarp
as soon as I get to the parking lot.
Whoa!
Oooo... Ni...Zu...Ka.!
Good morning, Vice Principal.
Why is someone like you...
...sweeping the school grounds
so early in the morning?
Were you waiting for me?
Don't tell me
you were going to target my Cresta..!
That must be it! Even if you try,
you can't deceive my eyes.
Crap! Why do I need to do this
so early in the morning?
I'm not an Ojisan (Old Man).
That bitch, Kanzaki!
Hey, say something! You are
so envious of my Cresta. That's why...
Don't come near me!
Don't come! Don't come!
Don't come!
Whoa!
Hey, the vice principal's car
is wrecked again!
Never mind. Never mind.
Come this way.
Good morning! Genie!
Whoa! It's true.
Onizuka is really sweeping!
We get to see something
extremely rare...
It was worth getting up early!
See? I told you so.
Teacher became a genie
who makes whatever I wish come true!
What the hell is that?
He really makes any wishes
come true for me.
That brat, Kanzaki!
She's getting carried away.
Someday I'm gonna kill her.
Then next time...
... I will be sure to take her
to the forest at the base of Mt. Fuji.
He says, "Pah-pa-ra-pah!" and...
Isn't it right, Mr. Onizuka?
Imprisonment.
Teacher! Isn't it right?
Um...sort of.
Smile.
Aye-aye, Master!
Then, next, shall I ask you
to clean toilets?
What?
Your response?
Aye-aye, Master!
Awesome! She's Kanzaki, after all.
To enforce absolute
obedience on Onizuka!
He's practically a slave.
Onizuka let such a tricky person
get ahold of his weaknesses...
Ah, by the way...
I think my genie is going to fulfill
my wish to play hooky...
...during social studies
and go eat sushi.
Do you guys want to come with me?
Not only that, but he will treat us
to plenty of fatty tuna, full of DHA.
Did you say sushi?
- Hmm...sushi sounds good.
- Ah...how many years has it been?
Hey...you guys have school lunch...
school lunch!
But it doesn't taste good.
Whether it's horrible or smelly...
...you students just need to eat
without complaining.
I see...then you like prison food.
Would you like to eat prison food?
Genie, come out!
Pah-pa-ra-pah!
Whoa!
Genie, I want to eat plenty of Toro!
Aye-aye, Master!
STUDY HOUR!
YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN.
BYE. ONIZUKA
Have you heard, Principal?
Kanzaki-san has been coming
to school every day now.
Yes. I should have known that
Mr. Onizuka would make it possible.
I got depressed just by not being able
to answer some questions.
I need to learn from Mr. Onizuka.
I wonder how he got her to like school.
I'm sure it's the power of love!
Mr. Onizuka has a lot of that...
I'm gonna kill her!
That wench, Kanzaki...
I will definitely kill her some day!
Does he have love?
Maybe not...
Whoa! Awesome!
The finest sushi
from Kishijoji Sushi Restaurant.
Awesome! It looks great...seriously!
Here is some Oh-toro. Oh-toro!
Are you happy now?
I paid 9,800 yen for 5 servings.
Even I've never eaten sushi like this.
Itadakimasu.
(Thank you for the food)
Hmmm. Tasty...
Hmm, whoa...good...
This is not...right.
It doesn't have enough fat
and the color is kind of dark blackish.
It looks like it belongs
to the tuna family...
...but it's an imported, frozen,
yellow skin tuna.
You dummy!
It's Toro, Oh-toro (Fatty Tuna).
Look at the order sheet. Here...
Real Oh-toro comes from blue-fin tuna.
So this is not real Oh-toro!
What!?
I said I wanted to eat Oh-toro.
Real Oh-toro.
All right, genie?
SUSHI: KANAHAMA
Sorry to have kept you waiting!
Whoaaa!
What is this?
This is...real Oh-toro.
Awesome!
They look like Kobe Beef!
Thank you for the food!
Whoa!
So, this is real Oh-toro.
- Delicious! Delicious!
- Ahhh...it melts in your mouth!
Yeah. I approve of this!
This is ultimate Oh-toro!
Speaking of "toro,"
what happened to Toroko?
I haven't seen her at school.
Ah, Toroko is...
There! That's her.
She's coming on TV.
What?
Romeo. Oh, Romeo!
Where are you?
She was awarded
the judges' Special Prize...
...at the Inogashira Park
Image Girl contest.
Now she's in a commercial.
INTRODUCING
THE LATEST MODELS
- She's not that popular yet...
- Oh, Romeo, where are you?
... but she did debut
in the entertainment industry.
Hmmm....That Toroko...
Ah, it's gone already!
Let's order some more.
FATTY TUNA (OH-TORO)
MARKET PRICE
Waiter, second serving!
Here they are!
Delicious! The best!
Toro...toro...
Teacher, aren't you gonna eat?
It'll be gone soon!
Hmm.... Delicious!
Teacher...
Oh-toro, add five more servings!
All right!
Whoa! Hmmm...delicious!
Hey, chef, give me fresh green tea.
- Hey...hey...
- Delicious...Ah...delicious!
Is he gonna be O.K.?
I'm sure it's already over 100,000 yen.
Abalone and sea urchin,
five more servings.
Then bring a sashimi platter.
Hmm...Delicious!
Add salmon roe and ark shell
and sweet shrimp, 10 more servings.
Hey...hey...
Delicious...
Teacher...
Well, when you eat sushi
you need to go all the way...
Whoa!
Wait!
Eat and run!
I just need to go get money!
You guys can wait for me here!
I can't trust you.
Then why are you
holding such a thing?
As a token!
I can't believe it!
Why did it turn out to be this way?
If you think about it...
How can he have enough money
to go to such an expensive restaurant?
You should have thought
about it beforehand!
The only thing we can do now
is to shake him off!
That was your idea
from the very beginning, wasn't it?
Whoaaaa!
Teacher!
Teacher! Are you all right?
Hang in there!
It's not my fault.
He sprang out from nowhere.
I'm not at fault!
What?
Aren't you supposed
to call for an ambulance?
Is that what you say
when you hit someone?
Don't you have any feelings?
I'm so sorry!
I demand compensation!
Hospitalization fee,
consolation fee, worker's comp...
...compensation for emotional stress
and treatment for a total of 5 million yen!
And you pay the bill at the restaurant!
Get the money right now!
Do you understand?
Hey, you! Hold on.
I'm getting your bill paid.
That's...outrageous...
What's wrong, Mr. Manager?
Don't come out, Tomo-chan.
Piko-rin.
Piko-rin?
Ah...Mr. Onizuka is just faking it
for the insurance money.
Would I be bleeding this much
if I were faking?
Yoo-hoo!
Toroko!
Everyone...at such a place...
Uru...Uru...Urumi!
It's been a long time...
I've wanted to see you!
Oh, good girl, good girl...
- Have you been well, Toro-chan?
- Yes.
- Yay...Yay!
- Is that so?
- It's Urumi-chan! Urumi-chan!
So, they've been in the same class
since elementary school.
No wonder they are good buddies.
Instead of calling them buddies...
Sit!
Shake! Good...
you are so cute, as usual, Toroko.
Yay, yay... I was praised by Urumi!
It's more like a pet and its owner.
I see.
But it's unusual that she'd be
so attached to someone like Kanzaki.
Maybe it's because she is so innocent.
Ah, add more Toro.
Three more servings.
Then salmon roe and abalone...
Are you still eating?
Well...after I got hit by the car...
...and started bleeding,
I felt hungry all of a sudden.
Um...excuse me...
...but the bill is
over 200,000 yen already.
How are you going to pay...?
Don't worry, don't worry.
This guy will pay for all of it.
What? Me?
It's impossible!
I can't expense a receipt
with such high figures!
Ugh! All of a sudden I have
a pounding headache!
Whoa! My knee started to buckle...
All right! I'll pay!
You'll be happy if I pay, right?
This is why Onizuka
hasn't wiped the blood off.
- Then can I use a card?
- Yes.
What is it? Is it over already?
We have more work!
Tomo-chan has a magazine interview
to go to.
Let's go, Tomo-chan.
Yes.
Huh? You're already being
interviewed by magazines?
It's a magazine which features
photos and articles.
There's a section...
...called "Together With My Teacher"
which introduces new talent.
She meets with her teacher
at a memorable place...
...and talks about
their memories together.
Teacher? Wait!
I'm Tomoko's teacher.
I haven't heard about it yet!
A female idol's teacher
is supposed to be female!
Who decided that? Who?
I don't know.
A female teacher?
Yes! So, I asked Fujimori-sensei.
Remember? Our homeroom
teacher in 5th grade.
Huh... Fujimori-sensei...
This...this teacher...
...is she married?
I heard she's not.
How old is she?
Let's see...
She said she became our
homeroom teacher right out of college.
Then...
She would be 26 or 27.
Good! Within my range!
Hey, can I come with you?
I know that teacher, too.
What?
Then I'll come along, too.
As her current homeroom teacher,
I would like to meet her...
What?
Um...
These clothes have blood stains.
Those stains are there
because you hit me with your car!
I can't meet with a beautiful teacher
in these clothes!
How can he be so energetic
after being hit by a car?
Falling from a roof didn't faze him!
He's got such a strong body!
Unbelievable...
Fujimori-sensei! Teacher!
Nomura-san?
Tomoko Nomura-san?
Yes. It's Toroko!
It's been a long time!
Have you been well?
Yes. I've been great!
I'm with the monthly magazine
Shashin Toko.
How do you do?
I'm Eikichi Onizuka, 22 years old
and a bachelor.
I'm the homeroom teacher of Toro...
uh, no. Nomura-kun at Seirin School.
Please remember me...
Uh...huh...
He is a very fun teacher!
I'm so touched to be able to meet...
...Nomura-kun's homeroom
teacher from elementary school.
How about exchanging
numbers after this?
Exchange numbers?
In addition!
We have another special guest today.
Urumi-chan!
What? Urumi?
Could it be...?
Ka... Ka... Kanzaki-san.
It's been a long time, Fujimori-sensei.
Have you been well?
You...you look well, too.
Are you still a teacher?
Uh...yes.
You're still a teacher...
Umm... Kanzaki-san, I...
I have wanted to apologize
to you for a long time...
French?
Shit! Throw it away!
It contains gas!
Water! Get some water! Hurry!
Teacher!
Oh!
Teacher! Fujimori-sensei!
Kanzaki!
What were you thinking?
Look at what you did
to your school teacher!
A school teacher?
It's the most despicable career!
What? What do you mean?
Why don't you ask her?
Only if she talks, though.
What about you?
Are you gonna talk?
Like that time?
Teacher!
Mr. Onizuka.
She is your type, isn't she?
What?
You can do whatever you want.
Don't worry. She won't resist.
Right? Fujimori-sensei?
Now do it! Genie!
Don't be ridiculous!
That's enough.
Is that so?
Then playing a genie
is over, too, isn't it?
Hey! Wait, Kanzaki!
Apologize to the teacher!
It's...all right.
I was at fault. I was...
But what she did is
far more than a bad joke!
I need to reprimand her severely!
As a teacher!
It's O.K. Really...
I was at fault...that's why she...
What happened four years ago?
No... Nothing.
Teacher...
I did something unforgivable,
as a teacher...
...and as a human being.
Urumi...
had the same look as that time...
What do you mean by "that time"?
Our school went...
Boom!
Is that brat gonna terrorize
the class again?
That's for sure.
It could be much bigger in scale
than the previous acts.
It's my fault...
Crap!
Teacher!
We're gonna catch her!
Yes...sir!
Kanzaki!
Ah, what's wrong, Kanzaki-san?
Are you feeling sick or something?
Seventy-seven, seventy-six...
...seventy-five...seventy-four...
...seventy-three...
Twenty-nine, twenty-eight,
twenty-seven...
Four...three...two...
...one...
...zero!
This is.!
We were one second too late!
Could this be Kanzaki's doing?
There is no other person
who could do a thing like this!
I can't believe she went this far...
Kanzaki!
As your teacher,
I'm gonna beat the crap out of you...
...to straighten out your
utterly corrupt behavior!
Subete no hito wo aiseru wake ja
nainara semete aisuru hito wo
Uragi razu ni utagawazu ni
semetari nikundari shinai de
Mujaki de irukoto ga
hito wo kizutsukete shimau no?
Shizuka na jounetsu ga
hitomi no oku de sawagi dasu...
Anata ni meguri aete
Hateshinai toki no naka de
jibun ni nani ga dekiru
Ima wa mada chiisaku temo
kagayaki keseya shinai yo
Kobore souna namida no tsubu
nagasazu mune ni tamete
Isshun wo tsuyoku iki yo
ichizu na shizuku ni natte
NEXT EPISODE
It's all my fault.
Whoa!
Very well done, Kanzaki-san!
Now, as a reward,
I'll give you strawberry short cake.
Yay!
Because.!